get_dev_asset_details   = True
get_serial_numbers    =
get_trunk_interfaces   = True
get_device_access_interfaces   = True
get_access_interface_vlan   = True
get_interface_details   = True
get_dev_details   = True
get_dev_vlans   = True
get_dev_interface   = True
get_dev_run_config   = True
get_dev_start_config   = True
get_dev_alarms   =  True
get_real_time_locate   = True
get_ip_mac_arp_list   = True
create_dev_vlan   = True
delete_dev_vlans   = True
print_to_file   = True
set_imc_creds   = True


set_inteface_down   =
set_inteface_up   =
get_vm_host_info   =
get_host_info   =
get_host_vm_guest   =
get_host_vm_nic   =


